husband
Wedding night we
Uh, I'm so tired today.
I have to get up early tomorrow morning.
Rest early.
Are you sleeping?
Pack up
Uncle takes you shopping for clothes
No, I have some clothes.
Uncle married your mother
I didn't buy you anything either.
Uncle is free today.
Let's go out as a family of three
Yes, Xiaoya
Just listen to your uncle
He is also for your own good
However, I can't accompany you today
I'm going to find your aunt
Okay, let's go out for a walk.
Xiaoya
Xiaoya, stop making trouble.
I can buy you anything you want.
Don't worry about it.
What do I want, I can buy it myself.
Is there a problem with the father buying clothes for his daughter?